acanthus => flower
amaranth => flower
anthericum => flower
arum => flower
aster => flower
barberry => flower
bellflower => flower
bindweed => flower
blackthorn => flower
bluebottle => flower
borage => flower
bramble => flower
broomrape => flower
bryony => flower
bugloss => flower
burdock => flower
cinquefoil => flower
clianthus => flower
columbine => flower
coltsfoot => flower
crowfoot => flower
dahlia => flower
daffodil => flower
daisy => flower
dandelion => flower
dittany => flower
dodder => flower
everlasting => flower
fieldrush => flower
foxglove => flower
gilliflower => flower
goosefoot => flower
hedysarum => flower
helenium => flower
hepatica => flower
hibiscus => flower
hogbean => flower
hollyhock => flower
honeysuckle => flower
hornbeam => flower
hortensia => flower
iris => flower
ivy => flower
jessamine => flower
kalmia => flower
laburnum => flower
larch => flower
larkspur => flower
laurel => flower
laurestine => flower
lilac => flower
madder => flower
manchineel => flower
mandrake => flower
marigold => flower
marshmallow => flower
meadowsweet => flower
mezereon => flower
milfoil => flower
milkwort => flower
mistletoe => flower
motherwort => flower
mugwort => flower
narcissus => flower
nettle => flower
nightshade => flower
nosegay => flower
osmunda => flower
pansy => flower
peony => flower
periwinkle => flower
pimpernel => flower
polemonium => flower
primrose => flower
privet => flower
quesnelia => flower
restharrow => flower
rosemary => flower
rue => flower
silverweed => flower
snowball => flower
snowdrop => flower
southernwood => flower
speedwell => flower
starwort => flower
succory => flower
syringa => flower
tares => flower
teasel => flower
toadflax => flower
tuberose => flower
turnsol => flower
ursinia => flower
valerian => flower
vervain => flower
wallflower => flower
willowherb => flower
woad => flower
wormwood => flower
xerophyllum => flower
xeranthemum => flower
xyris => flower
yellowroot => flower
yucca => flower
